# CS-250

•	How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user needs and implementing them into a program requires strong communication between the user and the developer which, as we learned in this course, is the backbone of the Agile framework. Putting the user needs first and structuring the processes that revolve around making sure those needs are met go hand in hand with implementing scrum values as a team. Creating user stories helps with this communication because they allow for the customers’ needs to be represented as concise comprehensive requirements that can be easily relayed back and forth throughout the project. 

•	How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
In my approach to developing programs in the future, I hope to incorporate as many Agile processes as possible into my code so that it’s the most effective it can be for the given requirements. I will try to implement code refactoring by removing redundancy, eliminating unused functionality, rejuvenating obsolete designs, and improving the design of existing software. I will engage in continuous integration by frequently implementing new software with the code repository and performing proper testing on code as soon as functionality is reached. If possible, I would also engage in pair programming with a team member to reap the benefits of this process like improved quality and overcoming obstacles that one person might run into. Like continuous integration, I will also try to implement test-driven development which refers to testing code as soon as possible and not deferring it till the end of the sprint/project. Lastly, I would do my best to engage in extreme programming (XP) which consists of agile practices including user stories, release planning, iteration planning, test-driven development, collective ownership of code, pair programming, continuous integration, and ongoing process improvement. 

•	What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development requires, in my opinion, following the scrum values stated in the Scrum Alliance Code of Ethics. These include commitment and focus, openness, respect, and courage. Although some values may be more prominent than others in a particular sprint, they are all equally important in ensuring unity and efficiency in a team. It is only when every member does their best to follow these values that a team can reach their optimal potential and deliver greatness to whoever they help. 
